== BOMBERMAN GAME ==

-- Implementation --

The maps are read into memory from the "/maps" directory where each level is saved as a txt file.

The main "polymorphism" in the program is in the "abstraction" of the objects that can be on the map, an Enemy is an object, a Bomb is an object, etc...
Then there's another level of inheritance within that as an "Enemy" is a parent classes to the 2 different types of enemies and a
"Bomb" is a parent class to the normal and remote bomb. 

Also the class design architecture for the main classes is "polymorphic" as it follows the classic pattern of having a "frontend" and a "backend",
where the frontend inherits from the backend; these are implemeted as "Play" which is the frontend used for all the rendering to the screen
and "Game" which is the backend of all the game logic.

The "User" class is used to represent one unique user playing the game and holds the main "game loop",
when a user exits the game, their progress is saved to a txt file in the "/users" directory.

-- Game -- 

The main menu displays the user with 3 options; to start a new game, load their previous game or view info about the game.
Starting a new game the user choses a unique username which they can save their progress to at anytime to later load and continue their game.

The main objective is for the bomberman to eliminate all the enemies in the level's map;
whilst exploring the map and blasting boxes to find the "exit door" in the given time. Randomly hidden inside the boxes are some upgrades that 
enhance the bomberman's abilites; so the idea is to navigate the map and eliminate the enemies strategically as the boxes
are what restrict movement.

There are 2 different types of enemies in the game, the first one being Pacman(<) which is a slower enemy that moves horizontally and switches 
directions randomly. The other enemy is Dollar($) which is slightly faster and moves vertically.

To eliminate the enemies the bomberman has 2 main weapons in his arsenal; he can either drop a normal bomb which detonates after a countdown
of 2 seconds, or he can drop a remote bomb which he can detonate from anywhere at anytime.

Once an enemy is eliminated the bomberman can bump up his score by collecting their points.

The stats window ontop of the map displays the current stats of the bomberman's arsenal aswell as that of the game, such as the time countdown,
the bomberman's bomb & remote powers aswell as how many he can drop/carry at a time.

Below the map is a message window that displays useful information and hints throughout the game, such as how many upgrades are hidden in the map and 
the position of the exit door if the time is close to running out.

Bombs block the enemy and player's movement; boxes block a bomb's effect as they blast and absorb the damage. Therefore enemies and the bomberman
are safe from the effect if they're behind a wall or a box when a bomb detonates.
The bomberman loses a life if he is caught by an enemy or is in the range of a detonating bomb, so adjust you terminal font size to 24 and choose wisely. 